pages/compass/budget.md, before:

<%
this.layout = 'default';
this.title = 'Budget';
%>

<h2 id="budget"><a href="#budget">Budget</a></h2>

There are essentially only three big items that you need to budget for:

* [Venue](#venue) (0 - 5000 USD)
* [Drinks and lunch](#drinks-and-lunch) (25 - 50 USD / person)
* [Shipping](#shipping) (~300 USD)

Additionally you should add an extra ~15% to your budget for overhead:

* Unexpected problems
* Power splitters
* Extra drinks for visitors in the evening
* etc.

You can find an [example budget calculation](#example) below.

<strong>Important:</strong> Please understand that the spirit of the "Summer of Drones" demands that your event is not-for-profit. Please spend any money that you raise directly on the event. If you have excess money consider investing into sponsor benefits, venue atmosphere (lighting etc.) and/or better food.

<h3 id="venue"><a href="#venue">Venue</a></h3>

Ideally you can find a local company to provide a [nice venue](/compass/venue)
for free.

If you cannot find a free venue, you should:

* Look at many different venues and compare prices
* Be prepared to spend between 0 USD and 5000 USD
* Try to get a discount for doing something amazing

Some venues may also like the idea of people taking photos & videos of their
venue from positions & angles that are only reachable with the drones.

<h3 id="drinks-and-lunch"><a href="#drinks-and-lunch">Drinks and lunch</a></h3>

To let people focus on programming the drones, you should provide drinks
(water, soft drinks, maybe beer in the evening) and lunch. You can do this in one of two ways:

* Buy food & drinks from the venue: This will most likely be more expensive,
  but it easier to coordinate and some venues will require it.
* **Recommended:** Buy drinks & order delivery food yourself: This is
  cheaper and more flexible, but requires a little more work.

<h3 id="shipping"><a href="#shipping">Shipping</a></h3>

We require you to ship your drone set (20 drones) to the organizer of the even that takes place <strong>two weeks after your event</strong>. You can calculate this to be around 10 - 15 USD per drone, so around 300 USD altogether.


<h3 id="example"><a href="#example-budget">Example Budget</a></h3>

<%
var people = 40;
var drones = 20;
var shippingPricePerDrone = 15;
var venueCost = 2000;
var visitors = people * 0.4;

var currency = 'USD';
var items = [
  {
    name: 'Lunch',
    amount: people,
    price: 15
  },
  {
    name: 'Drinks',
    amount: people + visitors,
    price: 15,
    comment: people + ' attendees plus ' + visitors + ' visitors'
  },
  {
    name: 'Shipping',
    amount: drones,
    price: shippingPricePerDrone,
    comment: 'for 20 drones'
  },
  {
    name: 'Venue',
    amount: 1,
    price: venueCost
  },
];

var total = 0;
%>

Here is an example calculation for an event with <%= people %> people:

<%-
items.map(function(item) {
  var subTotal = item.amount * item.price;
  total += subTotal;
  var line =
    '* **' + item.name + ':** ' + item.amount + ' x ' + item.price + ' ' +
    currency + ' = **' + subTotal + ' ' + currency + '**';

  if (item.comment) {
    line += ' (' +  item.comment + ')';
  }

  return line;
}).join('\n')
%>
<%
var overhead = total * 0.15;
%>

**Total:** <%= total + ' ' + currency %> (hard costs) + <%= overhead + ' ' +
currency %> (15% overhead) = **<%= (total + overhead) + ' ' + currency %>**

This is just an example, but **3500 USD - 5000 USD** is a reasonable ball
bark for most "Summer of Drones" events.

But don't be scared, on the [finacing page](/compass/financing) you will find some advice on how you can pull this off.

Commit message:

take some of their anziety away

pages/compass/budget.md, after:

<%
this.layout = 'default';
this.title = 'Budget';
%>

<h2 id="budget"><a href="#budget">Budget</a></h2>

There are essentially only three big items that you need to budget for:

* [Venue](#venue) (0 - 5000 USD)
* [Drinks and lunch](#drinks-and-lunch) (25 - 50 USD / person)
* [Shipping](#shipping) (~300 USD)

Additionally you should add an extra ~15% to your budget for overhead:

* Unexpected problems
* Power splitters
* Extra drinks for visitors in the evening
* etc.

You can find an [example budget calculation](#example) below.

<strong>Important:</strong> Please understand that the spirit of the "Summer of Drones" demands that your event is not-for-profit. Please spend any money that you raise directly on the event. If you have excess money consider investing into sponsor benefits, venue atmosphere (lighting etc.) and/or better food.

<h3 id="venue"><a href="#venue">Venue</a></h3>

Ideally you can find a local company to provide a [nice venue](/compass/venue)
for free.

If you cannot find a free venue, you should:

* Look at many different venues and compare prices
* Be prepared to spend between 0 USD and 5000 USD
* Try to get a discount for doing something amazing

Some venues may also like the idea of people taking photos & videos of their
venue from positions & angles that are only reachable with the drones.

<h3 id="drinks-and-lunch"><a href="#drinks-and-lunch">Drinks and lunch</a></h3>

To let people focus on programming the drones, you should provide drinks
(water, soft drinks, maybe beer in the evening) and lunch. You can do this in one of two ways:

* Buy food & drinks from the venue: This will most likely be more expensive,
  but it easier to coordinate and some venues will require it.
* **Recommended:** Buy drinks & order delivery food yourself: This is
  cheaper and more flexible, but requires a little more work.

<h3 id="shipping"><a href="#shipping">Shipping</a></h3>

We require you to ship your drone set (20 drones) to the organizer of the even that takes place <strong>two weeks after your event</strong>. You can calculate this to be around 10 - 15 USD per drone, so around 300 USD altogether.


<h3 id="example"><a href="#example-budget">Example Budget</a></h3>

<%
var people = 40;
var drones = 20;
var shippingPricePerDrone = 15;
var venueCost = 2000;
var visitors = people * 0.4;

var currency = 'USD';
var items = [
  {
    name: 'Lunch',
    amount: people,
    price: 15
  },
  {
    name: 'Drinks',
    amount: people + visitors,
    price: 15,
    comment: people + ' attendees plus ' + visitors + ' visitors'
  },
  {
    name: 'Shipping',
    amount: drones,
    price: shippingPricePerDrone,
    comment: 'for 20 drones'
  },
  {
    name: 'Venue',
    amount: 1,
    price: venueCost
  },
];

var total = 0;
%>

Here is an example calculation for an event with <%= people %> people:

<%-
items.map(function(item) {
  var subTotal = item.amount * item.price;
  total += subTotal;
  var line =
    '* **' + item.name + ':** ' + item.amount + ' x ' + item.price + ' ' +
    currency + ' = **' + subTotal + ' ' + currency + '**';

  if (item.comment) {
    line += ' (' +  item.comment + ')';
  }

  return line;
}).join('\n')
%>
<%
var overhead = total * 0.15;
%>

**Total:** <%= total + ' ' + currency %> (hard costs) + <%= overhead + ' ' +
currency %> (15% overhead) = **<%= (total + overhead) + ' ' + currency %>**

This is just an example, but **3500 USD - 5000 USD** is a reasonable ball
bark for most "Summer of Drones" events.

<h3 id="totally-doable"><a href="#totally-doable">This is totally doable</a></h3>

From our experience chances are high that you will get the venue either for free or for a very low fee. After all these events are on Saturdays, so most offices will be closed anyway and office owners in your area might be happy to donate their office to a good cause for one day.

Don't be scared - on the [finacing page](/compass/financing) you will find advice on how you can pull this off.
