pages/index.md, before:

<%
this.layout = 'default';
this.title = 'The Summer of Drones';
%>
# <%= this.title %>

Our new website is still compiling, but here is some initial information.

## What?

The summer of drones is an epic series of up to 34
[nodecopter](http://nodecopter.com/) events for over 1500 developers to
take place in North America and Europe from June - September 2013.

<form action="http://nodecopter.createsend.com/t/j/s/irhtuj/" method="post" id="subForm">
  <input class="email" placeholder="email@example.com" type="text" name="cm-irhtuj-irhtuj" id="irhtuj-irhtuj" />
  <input class="button" type="submit" value="Keep me posted" />
</form>

## How?

The nodecopter [core team](http://nodecopter.com/core) team is reaching out to
sponsors to buy ~60 [drones](http://ardrone2.parrot.com/) and repair parts to be
shipped from event to event in North America and Europe.

Each continent will have its own set of ~30 drones, so there will be 2 events
every Saturday!

## Bring an event to your City

The best way to make sure there will be an event in your city is to organize it!
We're going to make it ridiculously easy and cheap. Here is what you need to do:

* Pick a date from the list below
* E-Mail us at [core@nodecopter.com](core@nodecopter.com) - dates will be assigned
  on a first-come, first-serve basis
* Find a suitable [venue](http://nodecopter.com/compass/venue)
* Raise enough money to pay for shipping (~300 USD) + your venue ($0 - $5000)

That's pretty much it. We are working on detailed information for everything,
so you should be able to pull off an event easily.

The only thing you need to promise is to allow for enough time on the day after
the event (Sunday) to pack/repair the drones so you can ship them to the next
event on Monday.

## Dates

* 08.06.2013
* 15.06.2013
* 22.06.2013
* 29.06.2013
* 06.07.2013
* 13.07.2013
* 20.07.2013
* 27.07.2013
* 03.08.2013
* 10.08.2013
* 17.08.2013
* 24.08.2013
* 31.08.2013
* 07.09.2013
* 14.09.2013
* 21.09.2013
* 28.09.2013

## FAQ

### This is crazy, why are you doing this?

A group of out-of-space robots has asked us to organize these events for them.
They promised that they are coming in peace and that they just want to spend
the summer with us - what could go wrong?

### How many people should attend an event?

You should aim to have at least 30 people at your event in order to participate.

Attendees are encouraged to work in groups of 3, so you could theoretically
have up to 90 people. That being said, we would encourage events to stay below
60 attendees as this greatly helps to simplify organizing, finding a venue,
reducing wifi interference, allowing everybody to show their work, etc.

In our experience there is a sweet spot at ~45 attendees / 15 teams. This also allows for enough
spare drones.

### I have never organized an event, can I do this?

Yes, but we might pick organizers based on their community track record. So if
you have not done much in your developer community yet, we may ask you to get
somebody a little more experienced on board to make sure things will work
smoothly.

### You mentioned repairing the drones - is that hard?

No! It is super simple, and there are [detailed
videos](http://blog.parrot.com/2012/06/01/ar-drone-2-0-repair-videos/) showing
you the steps. Every drone set will also include a generous amount of repair
parts, but generally speaking only the indoor hull breaks often, and that is
easily fixed with some special tape.

### Can we use programming languages other than JavaScript?

Yes! We welcome developers from all languages and platforms. Most languages
already have AR Drone libraries available, so use whatever you like!

That being said, this project was born in the JavaScript community, so you
should expect a lot of JavaScript developers.

### Can we use our own quad copters / other robots?

Yes! As long as your robots can behave and don't endager the other participants,
you're free to hack on any robots you like. It would be especially awesome to
see different robots collaborate.

Commit message:

text updates regarding new sets of drones

pages/index.md, after:

<%
this.layout = 'default';
this.title = 'The Summer of Drones';
%>
# <%= this.title %>

Our new website is still compiling, but here is some initial information.

## What?

The summer of drones is an epic series of up to 34
[nodecopter](http://nodecopter.com/) events for over 1500 developers to
take place in North America and Europe from June - September 2013.

<form action="http://nodecopter.createsend.com/t/j/s/irhtuj/" method="post" id="subForm">
  <input class="email" placeholder="email@example.com" type="text" name="cm-irhtuj-irhtuj" id="irhtuj-irhtuj" />
  <input class="button" type="submit" value="Keep me posted" />
</form>

## How?

The nodecopter [core team](http://nodecopter.com/core) team is reaching out to
sponsors to buy ~80 [drones](http://ardrone2.parrot.com/) and repair parts to be
shipped from event to event in North America and Europe.

Each continent will have 2 sets of 20 drones each. We aim for having 2 events
every Saturday!

## Bring an event to your City

The best way to make sure there will be an event in your city is to organize it!
We're going to make it ridiculously easy and cheap. Here is what you need to do:

* Pick a date from the list below
* E-Mail us at [core@nodecopter.com](core@nodecopter.com) - dates will be assigned
  on a first-come, first-serve basis
* Find a suitable [venue](http://nodecopter.com/compass/venue)
* Raise enough money to pay for shipping (~300 USD) + your venue ($0 - $5000)

That's pretty much it. We are working on detailed information for everything,
so you should be able to pull off an event easily.

The only thing you need to promise is to allow for enough time on the day after
the event (Sunday) to pack/repair the drones so you can ship them to the next
event on Monday. Your set of of 20 drones will be used at the event two weeks later - this allows for enough time for our shipping partner to ship the drones across the continent.

## Dates

* 08.06.2013
* 15.06.2013
* 22.06.2013
* 29.06.2013
* 06.07.2013
* 13.07.2013
* 20.07.2013
* 27.07.2013
* 03.08.2013
* 10.08.2013
* 17.08.2013
* 24.08.2013
* 31.08.2013
* 07.09.2013
* 14.09.2013
* 21.09.2013
* 28.09.2013

## FAQ

### This is crazy, why are you doing this?

A group of out-of-space robots has asked us to organize these events for them.
They promised that they are coming in peace and that they just want to spend
the summer with us - what could go wrong?

### How many people should attend an event?

You should aim to have at least 30 people at your event in order to participate.

Attendees are encouraged to work in groups of 3, so you could theoretically
have up to 60 people since you get one set of 20 drones. That being said, we would encourage events to stay below 60 attendees as this greatly helps to simplify organizing, finding a venue,
reducing wifi interference, allowing everybody to show their work, etc.

In our experience there is a sweet spot at ~45 attendees / 15 teams. This also allows for some
spare drones.

### I have never organized an event, can I do this?

Yes, but we might pick organizers based on their community track record. So if
you have not done much in your developer community yet, we may ask you to get
somebody a little more experienced on board to make sure things will work
smoothly.

### You mentioned repairing the drones - is that hard?

No! It is super simple, and there are [detailed
videos](http://blog.parrot.com/2012/06/01/ar-drone-2-0-repair-videos/) showing
you the steps. Every drone set will also include a generous amount of repair
parts, but generally speaking only the indoor hull breaks often, and that is
easily fixed with some special tape.

### Can we use programming languages other than JavaScript?

Yes! We welcome developers from all languages and platforms. Most languages
already have AR Drone libraries available, so use whatever you like!

That being said, this project was born in the JavaScript community, so you
should expect a lot of JavaScript developers.

### Can we use our own quad copters / other robots?

Yes! As long as your robots can behave and don't endager the other participants,
you're free to hack on any robots you like. It would be especially awesome to
see different robots collaborate.
